fix: update WEB_CONCURRENCY table (#3343)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/languages/ruby/2000-01-01-start.md

With these settings, you can change the number of web workers and threads by defining
the `WEB_CONCURRENCY` and `MAX_THREADS` environment variables and restarting your app.

## WEB_CONCURRENCY

The default level of concurrency is automatically defined, depending on the
amount of memory available in the container running the app:

| Container Size | Memory (MB) | Default Concurrency |
| -------------: | ----------: |-------------------: |
| S              | 256         | 1                   |
| M              | 512         | 1                   |
| L              | 1024        | 2                   |
| XL             | 2048        | 2                   |

> | 2XL            | 4096        | 4                   |

Reviewer: The previous table contained the `8192` memory. Shouldn't we keep it?

Author: Good question, our official public catalog includes our containers up to 4096 (https://scalingo.com/pricing). That's why I chose to remove the 3XL line from the table.
Let me know if you'd rather want to include it :)

For further details about this calculation, please see the

> [`lib/language_pack/ruby.rb`][web_concurrency_file] file of the Ruby buildpack.

Reviewer: question: is there a reason not to include the link directly here? When reading the markdown file I find it clearer to directly see the actual link

```suggestion
[`lib/language_pack/ruby.rb`](https://github.com/Scalingo/ruby-buildpack/blob/master/lib/language_pack/ruby.rb) file of the Ruby buildpack.
```
